README.md, before:

![DevTools Learning](http://i.imgur.com/PkkoN8y.png)
**List of resources to learning this amazing tools**

[DevTools site](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools)

## Table of Contents
* [Tutorials in Gifs](#tutorials-in-gifs)
* [Articles & Tutorials](#articles-tutorials)
* [Screencast](#screencast)
* [Talks](#talks)
* [Courses](#courses)
* [Extension](#extension)
* [Who to follow](#who-to-follow)

# Tutorials in Gifs

1. [DevTools port forwarding allows localhost URLs to work on mobile](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/1-port-forward/)
1. [DevTools Triggering of pseudo classes](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/2-pseudo-trigger)
1. [DevTools - replay a network request in cURL](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/3-copy-as-curl/)
1. [DevTools - Run predefined snippets of code on any web page](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/4-snippets/)
1. [DevTools - Local Modifications](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/5-local-mods/)
1. [DevTools - Easy timeline recording](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/6-record-timeline-undocked/)
1. [DevTools - DOM tree search by CSS selector](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/7-dom-search-by-selector/)
1. [DevTools - Copy image as data URI](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/8-copy-as-data-uri/)
1. [DevTools - Go to a line number at a specific column](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/9-go-to-column/)
1. [DevTools - Cycle through editing locations](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/10-editing-locations/)
1. [DevTools - Copy the response of a network resource to your clipboard](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/11-copy-response/)
1. [DevTools - Command click to add multiple cursors in the Sources Panel](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/12-multiple-cursors/)
1. [DevTools Perform a column selection by by dragging](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/13-drag-select/)
1. [DevTools Quickly monitor events from the Console Panel](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/14-monitor-events/)
1. [Console shortcut to get the currently selected DOM node](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/15-dollar-zero/)
1. [See unfinished network requests with the is:running network filter](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/16-is-running/)
1. [Quick-edit the HTML Element tag](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/17-quick-edit-element/)
1. [Alt + Click to expand all child nodes](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/18-alt-click-expand-node/)
1. [Toggle the DevTools dock state with a keyboard shortcut](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/19-dock-undock-shortcut/)
1. [Reveal DOM nodes in the Elements panel from the Console](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/20-reveal-in-elements/)
1. [See the exact statement which executed with granular highlighting](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/21-highlight-paused-statement/)
1. [Some UI and feature enhancements to the Colour Picker tool](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/22-colour-picker-upgrade/)
1. [15 Must-Know Chrome DevTools Tips and Tricks](http://tutorialzine.com/2015/03/15-must-know-chrome-devtools-tips-tricks/)
1. [Set a breakpoint and navigate through the call stack with keyboard shortcuts](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/23-debugger-shortcuts/)
1. [Select an easing to get a visual animated preview for how it behaves](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/27-easing-preview/)
1. [5 tricks to use in the Console Panel](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/29-five-console-tricks/)
1. [DevTools Tip: View and change your DOM breakpoints with the breakpoints pane](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/28-dom-breakpoint-pane/)
1. [DevTools Tip: Get and debug event listeners with Console commands ](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/31-get-debug-event-listeners/)
1. [DevTools Tip: Automatically pause on uncaught exceptions ](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/32-pause-on-exception/)
1. [DevTools Tip: Expand shorthand properties](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/33-expand-shorthand-properties)
1. [DevTools Tip: See matching selectors](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/34-selector-matching/)

**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

# Articles & Tutorials

1. [Introducing Chrome DevTools for Mobile](http://www.sitepoint.com/introducing-chrome-devtools-mobile/)
1. [Secrets of the Browser Developer Tools](http://devtoolsecrets.com/secret/mobile-using-developer-tools-on-android.html)
1. [Responsive Web Design with DevTools' Device Mode](http://blog.chromium.org/2014/09/responsive-web-design-with-devtools.html)
1. [Chrome DevTools upcoming features](https://medium.com/@bdauton/upcoming-features-in-the-next-chrome-devtools-b7edcb3002a5)
1. [Chrome 41 Beta: New ES6 Features and Improved DevTools for Service Workers and Web Animations](http://blog.chromium.org/2015/01/chrome-41-beta-new-es6-features-and.html)
1. [DevTools Timeline: Now Providing the Full Story](http://updates.html5rocks.com/2015/04/devtools-timeline-improvements)
1. [DevTools answers: What font is that?](http://updates.html5rocks.com/2013/09/DevTools-answers-What-font-is-that)
1. [Using Chrome DevTools to Debug JavaScript in Any Browser with Ghostlab 2](https://css-tricks.com/using-chrome-devtools-to-debug-javascript-in-any-browser-with-ghostlab-2/)
1. [Using Your Terminal From The DevTools](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/devtools-terminal/)
1. [Chrome DevTools November Digest](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/novdigest/)
1. [Chrome DevTools Revolutions 2013](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/revolutions2013/)
1. [DevTools Digest - Chrome 35](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/chrome-35/)
1. [DevTools Digest](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/chrome-33/)
1. [Debugging Asynchronous JavaScript with Chrome DevTools](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/async-call-stack/)
1. [Canvas Inspection using Chrome DevTools](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/canvas/inspection/)
1. [Profiling Long Paint Times with DevTools' Continuous Painting Mode](http://updates.html5rocks.com/2013/02/Profiling-Long-Paint-Times-with-DevTools-Continuous-Painting-Mode)
1. [Auditing Your Web App For Speed](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/auditpanel/)
1. [Accelerated Rendering in Chrome](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/speed/layers/)
1. [Profiling Mobile HTML5 Apps With Chrome DevTools](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/mobile/profiling/)
1. [Taking Chrome DevTools outside of the browser.](https://kenneth.io/blog/2014/12/28/taking-chrome-devtools-outside-the-browser/)
1. [Chrome DevTools Overview](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools)
1. [Authoring & development workflow](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/authoring-development-workflow)
1. [Using the Console](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/console)
1. [Tips And Tricks](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/tips-and-tricks)
1. [Editing Styles And The DOM Introduction](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/dom-and-styles)
1. [Debugging JavaScript](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/javascript-debugging)
1. [Device Mode & Mobile Emulation](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/device-mode)
1. [Remote Debugging on Android with Chrome](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/remote-debugging)
1. [Workspaces - Persistent authoring in the DevTools](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/workspaces)
1. [Evaluating network performance](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/network)
1. [Performance profiling with the Timeline](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/timeline)
1. [Timeline demo: Diagnosing forced synchronous layouts](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/demos/too-much-layout/index)
1. [Timeline demo: Diagnosing forced synchronous layouts](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/demos/too-much-layout/index)
1. [Profiling JavaScript Performance](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/cpu-profiling)
1. [JavaScript Memory Profiling](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/javascript-memory-profiling)
1. []()
1. []()


**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

# Screencast

1. [Frame Viewer in Chrome DevTools Timeline](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sC6IlD-U2TI)
1. [Paint Profiler in Chrome DevTools Timeline](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcjcykN6smw)
1. [background v background color CSS Performance investigation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wooovVDLUU8)
1. [Redefining a function as you debug it in Chrome DevTools - LiveEdit recompilation in action](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQZio5DlSXM)
1. [Answered: Do animated gifs still animate while in a background tab?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dClqXa9S6Y)
1. [Devtools experiments](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHPV8EBlz-A)
1. [Debugging and fixing Canadian Jank](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSK70FwUz2A)
1. [2D transform's translate() vs absolute positioning: Performance evaluation with Chrome DevTools](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZelrwd_iRs)
1. [Chrome DevTools - Live Edit CSS, Save to Disk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy5obNItQiQ)
1. [Chrome DevTools - Live Edit CSS, Save to Disk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy5obNItQiQ)
1. [Chrome DevTools Live Edit + Breakpoints](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItMcQyXrWF8)
1. [Outlined DOM elements in the Chrome Dev Tools](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItMcQyXrWF8)
1. [Viewing Painting Behavior w/ Chrome DevTools](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ea41RdQ1oFQ)
1. [15 tricks to master Chrome Developer Tools Console](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zmUSoVMyRU)
1. [Chrome DevTools for CSS - Better CSS Coding & CSS Debugging with Developer Tools](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3HGJsNLQ1E)

**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

# Talks

1. [Advanced performance tooling in Chrome DevTools - Paul Irish @ Velocity 2014](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CZveCrrGS0)
1. [Chrome Developer Tools for Speed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MllBwuHbWMY)
1. [Google I/O 2013 - Chrome DevTools Revolutions 2013](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6qe_kVaBpg)
1. [Advanced Debugging Techniques with Chrome - @Scale 2014 - Web](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B63jNjSVEbQ)
1. [Wait, Chrome Dev Tools could do THAT](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BaneWEqNcpE)
1. [DevTools State of the Union](http://jqueryuk.com/2015/videos.php?s=devtools-state-of-the-union)
	- [[Slide] DevTools: State Of The Union 2015](https://speakerdeck.com/addyosmani/devtools-state-of-the-union-2015)
1. [Wait, Chrome Dev Tools could do THAT?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BaneWEqNcpE)
1. [Wait, Chrome DevTools can do THAT? (JQueryUK 2013)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9sktFzL3tQ)
1. [Improving Your 2013 Productivity With The Chrome DevTools](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVSo4buDAEE)
1. [Optimizing network performance - Chrome Dev Summit 2013](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJZ8SdU9zII)
1. []
**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

# Courses

1. [Website Optimization](http://teamtreehouse.com/library/website-optimization)
1. [Explore and Master Chrome DevTools](http://discover-devtools.codeschool.com/)
1. [Mastering the Google Chrome Developer Tools](https://www.udemy.com/mastering-chrome-developer-tools/?couponCode=DISCOUNT)
1. [Chrome Developer Tools](http://code.tutsplus.com/courses/chrome-developer-tools)

**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

# Extension

1. [PageSpeed Insights (by Google)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pagespeed-insights-by-goo/gplegfbjlmmehdoakndmohflojccocli?hl=en)

**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

# Who to follow
[![Ilya Grigorik](http://0.gravatar.com/avatar/05ae1db9066ec5dbfe48f3a5e62d4586)](https://twitter.com/igrigorik) | [![Addy Osmani](https://2.gravatar.com/avatar/96270e4c3e5e9806cf7245475c00b275)](https://twitter.com/addyosmani) | [![Paul Irish](http://0.gravatar.com/avatar/ffe68d6f71b225f7661d33f2a8908281)](https://twitter.com/https://twitter.com/paul_irish) | [![Paul Bakaus](http://1.gravatar.com/avatar/9fb120a88c85d93be416ed62b8ab5e16)](https://twitter.com/pbakaus) | [![Umar Hansa](http://i.imgur.com/JxsCLg3.png)](https://twitter.com/umaar) | [![ChromeDevTools](http://i.imgur.com/kR67vbR.png)](https://twitter.com/ChromeDevTools)
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
[Ilya Grigorik](https://twitter.com/igrigorik) | [Addy Osmani](https://twitter.com/addyosmani) | [Paul Irish](https://twitter.com/https://twitter.com/paul_irish) | [Paul Bakaus](https://twitter.com/pbakaus) | [Umar Hansa](https://twitter.com/umaar) | [ChromeDevTools](https://twitter.com/ChromeDevTools)
**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

Commit message:

add Tutorials in Gifs, Articles & Tutorials,Screencast and Extension

README.md, after:

![DevTools Learning](http://i.imgur.com/PkkoN8y.png)
**List of resources to learning this amazing tools**

[DevTools site](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools)

## Table of Contents
* [Tutorials in Gifs](#tutorials-in-gifs)
* [Articles & Tutorials](#articles-tutorials)
* [Screencast](#screencast)
* [Talks](#talks)
* [Courses](#courses)
* [Extension](#extension)
* [Who to follow](#who-to-follow)

# Tutorials in Gifs

1. [DevTools port forwarding allows localhost URLs to work on mobile](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/1-port-forward/)
1. [DevTools Triggering of pseudo classes](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/2-pseudo-trigger)
1. [DevTools - replay a network request in cURL](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/3-copy-as-curl/)
1. [DevTools - Run predefined snippets of code on any web page](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/4-snippets/)
1. [DevTools - Local Modifications](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/5-local-mods/)
1. [DevTools - Easy timeline recording](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/6-record-timeline-undocked/)
1. [DevTools - DOM tree search by CSS selector](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/7-dom-search-by-selector/)
1. [DevTools - Copy image as data URI](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/8-copy-as-data-uri/)
1. [DevTools - Go to a line number at a specific column](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/9-go-to-column/)
1. [DevTools - Cycle through editing locations](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/10-editing-locations/)
1. [DevTools - Copy the response of a network resource to your clipboard](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/11-copy-response/)
1. [DevTools - Command click to add multiple cursors in the Sources Panel](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/12-multiple-cursors/)
1. [DevTools Perform a column selection by by dragging](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/13-drag-select/)
1. [DevTools Quickly monitor events from the Console Panel](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/14-monitor-events/)
1. [Console shortcut to get the currently selected DOM node](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/15-dollar-zero/)
1. [See unfinished network requests with the is:running network filter](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/16-is-running/)
1. [Quick-edit the HTML Element tag](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/17-quick-edit-element/)
1. [Alt + Click to expand all child nodes](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/18-alt-click-expand-node/)
1. [Toggle the DevTools dock state with a keyboard shortcut](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/19-dock-undock-shortcut/)
1. [Reveal DOM nodes in the Elements panel from the Console](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/20-reveal-in-elements/)
1. [See the exact statement which executed with granular highlighting](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/21-highlight-paused-statement/)
1. [Some UI and feature enhancements to the Colour Picker tool](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/22-colour-picker-upgrade/)
1. [15 Must-Know Chrome DevTools Tips and Tricks](http://tutorialzine.com/2015/03/15-must-know-chrome-devtools-tips-tricks/)
1. [Set a breakpoint and navigate through the call stack with keyboard shortcuts](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/23-debugger-shortcuts/)
1. [Select an easing to get a visual animated preview for how it behaves](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/27-easing-preview/)
1. [5 tricks to use in the Console Panel](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/29-five-console-tricks/)
1. [DevTools Tip: View and change your DOM breakpoints with the breakpoints pane](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/28-dom-breakpoint-pane/)
1. [DevTools Tip: Get and debug event listeners with Console commands ](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/31-get-debug-event-listeners/)
1. [DevTools Tip: Automatically pause on uncaught exceptions ](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/32-pause-on-exception/)
1. [DevTools Tip: Expand shorthand properties](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/33-expand-shorthand-properties)
1. [DevTools Tip: See matching selectors](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/34-selector-matching/)
1. [DevTools Tip: The new Network Filmstrip and timeline](https://umaar.com/dev-tips/35-network-filmstrip/)
							
**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

# Articles & Tutorials

1. [Introducing Chrome DevTools for Mobile](http://www.sitepoint.com/introducing-chrome-devtools-mobile/)
1. [Secrets of the Browser Developer Tools](http://devtoolsecrets.com/secret/mobile-using-developer-tools-on-android.html)
1. [Responsive Web Design with DevTools' Device Mode](http://blog.chromium.org/2014/09/responsive-web-design-with-devtools.html)
1. [Chrome DevTools upcoming features](https://medium.com/@bdauton/upcoming-features-in-the-next-chrome-devtools-b7edcb3002a5)
1. [Chrome 41 Beta: New ES6 Features and Improved DevTools for Service Workers and Web Animations](http://blog.chromium.org/2015/01/chrome-41-beta-new-es6-features-and.html)
1. [DevTools Timeline: Now Providing the Full Story](http://updates.html5rocks.com/2015/04/devtools-timeline-improvements)
1. [DevTools answers: What font is that?](http://updates.html5rocks.com/2013/09/DevTools-answers-What-font-is-that)
1. [Using Chrome DevTools to Debug JavaScript in Any Browser with Ghostlab 2](https://css-tricks.com/using-chrome-devtools-to-debug-javascript-in-any-browser-with-ghostlab-2/)
1. [Using Your Terminal From The DevTools](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/devtools-terminal/)
1. [Chrome DevTools November Digest](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/novdigest/)
1. [Chrome DevTools Revolutions 2013](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/revolutions2013/)
1. [DevTools Digest - Chrome 35](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/chrome-35/)
1. [DevTools Digest](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/chrome-33/)
1. [Debugging Asynchronous JavaScript with Chrome DevTools](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/async-call-stack/)
1. [Canvas Inspection using Chrome DevTools](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/canvas/inspection/)
1. [Profiling Long Paint Times with DevTools' Continuous Painting Mode](http://updates.html5rocks.com/2013/02/Profiling-Long-Paint-Times-with-DevTools-Continuous-Painting-Mode)
1. [Auditing Your Web App For Speed](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/auditpanel/)
1. [Accelerated Rendering in Chrome](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/speed/layers/)
1. [Profiling Mobile HTML5 Apps With Chrome DevTools](http://www.html5rocks.com/en/mobile/profiling/)
1. [Taking Chrome DevTools outside of the browser.](https://kenneth.io/blog/2014/12/28/taking-chrome-devtools-outside-the-browser/)
1. [Chrome DevTools Overview](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools)
1. [Authoring & development workflow](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/authoring-development-workflow)
1. [Using the Console](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/console)
1. [Tips And Tricks](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/tips-and-tricks)
1. [Editing Styles And The DOM Introduction](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/dom-and-styles)
1. [Debugging JavaScript](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/javascript-debugging)
1. [Device Mode & Mobile Emulation](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/device-mode)
1. [Remote Debugging on Android with Chrome](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/remote-debugging)
1. [Workspaces - Persistent authoring in the DevTools](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/workspaces)
1. [Evaluating network performance](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/network)
1. [Performance profiling with the Timeline](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/timeline)
1. [Timeline demo: Diagnosing forced synchronous layouts](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/demos/too-much-layout/index)
1. [Timeline demo: Diagnosing forced synchronous layouts](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/demos/too-much-layout/index)
1. [Profiling JavaScript Performance](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/cpu-profiling)
1. [JavaScript Memory Profiling](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/javascript-memory-profiling)
1. [Remote debugging protocol](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/debugger-protocol)
1. [Settings](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/settings)
1. [Keyboard Shortcuts](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/shortcuts)
1. [Extending DevTools](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/devtools)
1. [Integrating with DevTools](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/integrating)
1.  [Command Line API Reference](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/commandline-api)
1.  [Console API Reference](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/console-api)
1. [Advanced Performance Audits With DevTools](http://www.paulirish.com/2015/advanced-performance-audits-with-devtools/)
1.  []()


**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

# Screencast

1. [Frame Viewer in Chrome DevTools Timeline](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sC6IlD-U2TI)
1. [Paint Profiler in Chrome DevTools Timeline](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcjcykN6smw)
1. [background v background color CSS Performance investigation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wooovVDLUU8)
1. [Redefining a function as you debug it in Chrome DevTools - LiveEdit recompilation in action](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQZio5DlSXM)
1. [Answered: Do animated gifs still animate while in a background tab?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dClqXa9S6Y)
1. [Devtools experiments](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHPV8EBlz-A)
1. [Debugging and fixing Canadian Jank](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSK70FwUz2A)
1. [2D transform's translate() vs absolute positioning: Performance evaluation with Chrome DevTools](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZelrwd_iRs)
1. [Chrome DevTools - Live Edit CSS, Save to Disk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy5obNItQiQ)
1. [Chrome DevTools - Live Edit CSS, Save to Disk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy5obNItQiQ)
1. [Chrome DevTools Live Edit + Breakpoints](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItMcQyXrWF8)
1. [Outlined DOM elements in the Chrome Dev Tools](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItMcQyXrWF8)
1. [Viewing Painting Behavior w/ Chrome DevTools](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ea41RdQ1oFQ)
1. [15 tricks to master Chrome Developer Tools Console](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zmUSoVMyRU)
1. [Chrome DevTools for CSS - Better CSS Coding & CSS Debugging with Developer Tools](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3HGJsNLQ1E)
1. [The Breakpoint](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNYkxOF6rcIBQ8j3J_PyM8JLAGKqZRByw)
 - [The Breakpoint Ep. 1: Chrome DevTools with Addy Osmani and Paul Lewis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktwJ-EDiZoU&list=PLNYkxOF6rcIBQ8j3J_PyM8JLAGKqZRByw&index=8)
 - [The Breakpoint Ep. 2: Chrome DevTools with Paul Irish and Addy Osmani](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPXeWjWp-8Y&index=7&list=PLNYkxOF6rcIBQ8j3J_PyM8JLAGKqZRByw)
 - [The Breakpoint Ep 3: The Sourcemap Spectacular with Paul Irish and Addy Osmani](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HijZNR6kc9A&index=6&list=PLNYkxOF6rcIBQ8j3J_PyM8JLAGKqZRByw)
 - [The Breakpoint Ep. 4 The Tour De Timeline](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpqZ0LjNU5A&index=5&list=PLNYkxOF6rcIBQ8j3J_PyM8JLAGKqZRByw)
 - [Breakpoint Episode 5: DevTools Grab bag](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdsummsTeLo&index=4&list=PLNYkxOF6rcIBQ8j3J_PyM8JLAGKqZRByw)
 - [The Breakpoint Ep. 6: Accelerating Load Time, Run Time, and JS tooling](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8qvkGTwiV0&index=3&list=PLNYkxOF6rcIBQ8j3J_PyM8JLAGKqZRByw)
 - [The Breakpoint Ep. 7: Profiling a mobile site with Chrome DevTools and Android](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRwzmoDZtZM&list=PLNYkxOF6rcIBQ8j3J_PyM8JLAGKqZRByw&index=2)
 - [The Breakpoint Ep. 8: Memory Profiling with Chrome DevTools](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3ugr9BJqIs&index=1&list=PLNYkxOF6rcIBQ8j3J_PyM8JLAGKqZRByw)

**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

# Talks

1. [Advanced performance tooling in Chrome DevTools - Paul Irish @ Velocity 2014](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CZveCrrGS0)
1. [Chrome Developer Tools for Speed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MllBwuHbWMY)
1. [Google I/O 2013 - Chrome DevTools Revolutions 2013](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6qe_kVaBpg)
1. [Advanced Debugging Techniques with Chrome - @Scale 2014 - Web](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B63jNjSVEbQ)
1. [Wait, Chrome Dev Tools could do THAT](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BaneWEqNcpE)
1. [DevTools State of the Union](http://jqueryuk.com/2015/videos.php?s=devtools-state-of-the-union)
	- [[Slide] DevTools: State Of The Union 2015](https://speakerdeck.com/addyosmani/devtools-state-of-the-union-2015)
1. [Wait, Chrome Dev Tools could do THAT?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BaneWEqNcpE)
1. [Wait, Chrome DevTools can do THAT? (JQueryUK 2013)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9sktFzL3tQ)
1. [Improving Your 2013 Productivity With The Chrome DevTools](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVSo4buDAEE)
1. [Optimizing network performance - Chrome Dev Summit 2013](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJZ8SdU9zII)
1. []

**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

# Courses

1. [Website Optimization](http://teamtreehouse.com/library/website-optimization)
1. [Explore and Master Chrome DevTools](http://discover-devtools.codeschool.com/)
1. [Mastering the Google Chrome Developer Tools](https://www.udemy.com/mastering-chrome-developer-tools/?couponCode=DISCOUNT)
1. [Chrome Developer Tools](http://code.tutsplus.com/courses/chrome-developer-tools)

**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

# Extension

1. [PageSpeed Insights (by Google)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pagespeed-insights-by-goo/gplegfbjlmmehdoakndmohflojccocli?hl=en)
1. [WebGL Shader Editor](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/shader-editor/ggeaidddejpbakgafapihjbgdlbbbpob)
1. [Web Audio API Editor Extension for Google Chrome](https://github.com/spite/WebAudioExtension)
1. [Yez - Chrome extension that acts as terminal and task runner](https://github.com/krasimir/yez)

**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**

# Who to follow
[![Ilya Grigorik](http://0.gravatar.com/avatar/05ae1db9066ec5dbfe48f3a5e62d4586)](https://twitter.com/igrigorik) | [![Addy Osmani](https://2.gravatar.com/avatar/96270e4c3e5e9806cf7245475c00b275)](https://twitter.com/addyosmani) | [![Paul Irish](http://0.gravatar.com/avatar/ffe68d6f71b225f7661d33f2a8908281)](https://twitter.com/https://twitter.com/paul_irish) | [![Paul Bakaus](http://1.gravatar.com/avatar/9fb120a88c85d93be416ed62b8ab5e16)](https://twitter.com/pbakaus) | [![Umar Hansa](http://i.imgur.com/JxsCLg3.png)](https://twitter.com/umaar) | [![ChromeDevTools](http://i.imgur.com/kR67vbR.png)](https://twitter.com/ChromeDevTools)   
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
[Ilya Grigorik](https://twitter.com/igrigorik) | [Addy Osmani](https://twitter.com/addyosmani) | [Paul Irish](https://twitter.com/https://twitter.com/paul_irish) | [Paul Bakaus](https://twitter.com/pbakaus) | [Umar Hansa](https://twitter.com/umaar) | [ChromeDevTools](https://twitter.com/ChromeDevTools) 
**[⬆ back to top](#table-of-contents)**
